[SRVOCF-536] Add steps on configuring pipelines-as-code for a function (#64455)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/serverless-functions-creating-on-cluster-builds.adoc

----

. To update your function, commit and push new changes by using Git, then run the `kn func deploy --remote` command again.

. Optionally, you can configure your function to be built on the cluster after every Git push by using pipelines-as-code:

.. Generate the Tekton `Pipelines` and `PipelineRuns` configuration for your function:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ kn func config git set
----
+

> Apart from generating configuration files, this command connects to the cluster and validates that the pipeline is installed. Using the token, it also creates, on behalf of the user, a webhook on the function repository. That webhook triggers the pipeline on the cluster every time changes are pushed to the repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apart from generating configuration files, this command connects to the cluster and validates that the pipeline is installed. By using the token, it also creates, on behalf of the user, a webhook on the function repository. That webhook triggers the pipeline on the cluster every time changes are pushed to the repository.
```
IBM Style Word Usage provides this advice about _using_: "To avoid ambiguity, replace this gerund with either _by using_ or _that uses_."

+
You need to have a valid GitHub personal access token with the repository access to use this command.

.. Commit and push the generated `.tekton/pipeline.yaml` and `.tekton/pipeline-run.yaml` files:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ git add .tekton/pipeline.yaml .tekton/pipeline-run.yaml
$ git commit -m 'Add the Pipelines and PipelineRuns configuration'
$ git push
----

> .. Once you make a change to your function, commit and push it. The function is rebuilt automatically using the created pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. After you make a change to your function, commit and push it. The function is rebuilt automatically by using the created pipeline.
```
IBM Style Word Usage provides this advice about _once_: "Use only to mean one time. Do not use as a conjunction to mean _after_ or _when_."
